[SWOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> How did some humans come to
be called gods and goddesses?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
the path some humans took
to contact the divine.
When the main information came
to this planet, the network
information from the
mind of the universe,
we understood that everything
was connected through the mind,
through very big synapses
that connect every reality
through time and space.
We understood that the
image of this network
was like waves through
time that were moving
like the waves of
the ocean, but they
split in the shape of a circle.
So in order to understand the
circle and lengths of time
and space dividing and
crossing these waves of time,
we kind of related with
the spiderwebs, the spider
webs where the shapes that
represented the most how
the waves of time were moving
in a spiral, in a circle way,
and then the lines of
space were crossing
all these waves of time.
So this was time
and space connected.
And we start to call
the weavers of reality
like, the
interdimensional spiders.
When the web of the spider
has crossed every timeline
and every space line and
start to split and divide
by polarity, creating
the spheres, the cells
of the first consciousness
of the universe,
it start to create the
patterns in which every one
of those aspects of God would
be expressed, would transcend,
would create realities.
In order to understand
how they work,
you have to think about
God as a big sphere that
holds a tortoise within in
the middle with the shape
of the time, and then, within,
you have the other spheres
in the seventh and
the sixth dimension,
and then, inside, we
have the fifth dimension.
And these beings
are the patterns
that hold the core
of reality and that
breathe all the information
from the outer spheres
to the core ones.
And once you have the
fifth dimension patterns,
you have the fourth, the four
one in the times, and then
the third one close
by the core, and then
the second one, which is the
polarity, time and space,
and the last one, the unity.
To understand all the beings,
to understand where they are
and how to organize
them, we can call
that the main source of energy,
the main concepts of the mind,
is the god-goddess
that starts to create
the process of
patterns around, and we
call the masculine
aspect the purpose
and the feminine
aspect the matrix.
So these two aspects
start to first vibrate,
and by resonance,
by vibration, they
create what we call
the cherubims or wanim.
The name cherubims
is the ones that
are more pure and more connected
to the source of the energy.
So these vibrations that we
named the cherubims in history
are the main vibrations of
the universe from the purpose
and the matrix.
Once we have the vibration,
which is the cherubims,
we have the energy.
And the energy
patterns which will
be enlightened in
the seventh dimension
will be those what we
call the seraphims.
Seraphims are the beings that
represents the rays of light.
And each one of them are the
concepts or the main ideas
that resonates and
vibrates, creating
the energy towards the souls.
So they are the fathers
and mothers of the souls.
They are the main souls
of the universe that
goes through everything and
that connects every reality.
And from them, the
patterns of energy
start to create the
patterns of matter.
These connections and
structure through geometry
are the ones that
we named archangels.
The archangels are the
potentiality structures
of the wheels of God,
the wisdom, the love.
So those are really
wide open aspects
to cover in the universe.
So in the sixth
dimension, the structure
put some limitations,
some boundaries
into all of these aspects.
So the cells and the
architects of the universe
would understand the
limits, the process,
the endings the transition
in between each one
of the learnings and
teachings in the universe.
So this structure
created the cube
that connected every
dimension and every reality
in different times
and different space.
This structure in
the sixth dimension
that holds every
aspect of the divine
and that seeds
the main structure
to create every other
reality in the fifth, fourth,
and third dimension is now
known as the metatron cube.
The metatron cube is
another way of saying God.
Is God in the sixth dimension?
Metatron is a Greek
name with which we could
say God in geometrical shape.
All the parts of
this metatron cube
would split like different
other seeds or fruits
to divide in
different dimensions
and different worlds
and different galaxies,
creating new
realities, new shapes,
and dividing as much as possible
the lights and the concepts
of God so we could experience
and create new realities.
That is why the
metatron cube is related
with the light becoming dark,
with the concepts of the ideas
becoming matter.
And that is why it's
the middle point
to create all the realities
and everything that we
could possibly know and
understand from the universe.
Everything is connected
through that shape
in the sixth dimension.
So we can find
that the vibration
beings in the eighth
dimension would
be the cherubims connecting
all the information
through the
resonance, and then we
have the energy in the seventh
dimension creating the lights
that we call the
seraphims, and then
we have, in the sixth
dimension, the main structures,
the geometry that we
call the archangels.
So this onion shape
universe shows us
that we all are the same
being in different aspects,
in different levels of reality,
and that every being there
is in the third dimension, to
understand how to become gods
in this reality, had
to go through all
of these patterns of the flower
of life, the tree of life,
and the masters
and archangels that
are in different
levels of vibration.
The first step
that humanity took
to understand that they
were part of the divine
was to see all around,
to understand the world,
to understand nature, and to put
in every one of those aspects
the truly divine, the different
faces of god and goddess.
So when they recognized that
the nature was the main tool
to contact the divine, because
it was the creation itself,
they started to try to imitate
this nature by culture,
by sound.
So every culture in
the history of humanity
started to imitate
through agriculture,
through the words, the
sounds of every bird,
every animal, every plant and to
copy those codes, the flowers,
the seeds, the tree
into our wisdom,
into our way to transmit
information through history,
through humanity.
By the time the Aessir and
other species from the sky came,
the concepts of the
divine was different.
It was not trying to
imitate the nature
and to become the
nature, but it was
to honor the messengers
of those natures.
So we, for the first time,
took the idea of the divine
being everywhere and we
channeled the everywhere
in just one spot called
gods and goddesses.
Even if they were not
gods and goddesses,
they were the messengers.
So we understood that they
were the ones through which we
could connect with the divine.
After we did that, we
start to create the temples
for those messengers.
So we understood that if
we go to those temples
and we honor the beings
inside of those temples,
we were connecting
with every tree.
We have no need to go to nature
to understand the reality,
but if we go to the
temple of the trees,
we will be speaking with
every tree in the world.
If we go and speak with
the goddess of the cats,
we would be talking
with every cat.
So they started to be the
middle point into the divine.
But when Arcturian and
Orion and Sirius people
came to this
planet, they started
to talk to humans how to
talk through this nature,
how to be the messengers of this
nature through space and time.
These humans were called
the priests and priestesses
that were the ones in
the middle in between all
of these concepts of God.
We understood at that
time that humans were just
the neurons trying to interpret
the divine in different levels
of consciousness.
So in order to
become the messengers
of all the realities, we
have to be those realities.
And the first person
in history that
were taught about how
to become that reality
was the biggest architect
in Atlantean times, Djehuty.
Djehuty was one of those
gods that he was not
a being in other
dimensions, he was
a priest that was born
in Atlantean times,
and he accomplished to
become part of nature.
So he was the first
human to be taught
about how to go through
time and to learn
about the future
tools, the past tools,
and how to build a present image
in every space and every time.
So that's how he accomplished
to build realities
through time and space in
this reality here and now.
That helped him to build the
idea of a civilization based
on other levels
of consciousness,
trying to imitate the
sky, tried to imitate
the different levels
of consciousness,
of high consciousness in the
sixth, the fifth dimension.
So he would try to put
in these 3-D matter
the settlements to
anchor and channel
the information from other
high levels of consciousness
so we all could understand
the world and the universe.
Djehuty and the
first masters that
were represented like gods
and goddesses on Earth,
they were the magicians,
the architects
that could talk with other
levels of consciousness.
And they did it through
their own bodies,
by the vibration of
their own bodies.
The Arcturians taught us
that we were the construction
in the physical world, in
matter, from the vibrations
of every dimension.
So if we accomplish to reach
every vibration of our body,
we could speak with every one
of the spheres that create us
from other dimensions.
So the first humans
to be prepared
to become gods and
goddesses, the messengers
between dimensions,
they had to accomplish
the perfect vibration
in their own bodies,
so every chakra become a
portal through every dimension,
through every sphere.
What these humans
knew and realized
was that they had 12 portals in
the body and surrounding them,
and at the moment
they understood
the vibration of
each one of them,
they understood the channels
that contact all the creation.
So these 12 portals that we
have are the same portals
that opens the whole patterns
of the planet through the stars,
and that's how they reached
the information in the fifth
and the sixth dimension of
each one of the 12 spheres
that create us all.
The, elohim, the archangels,
are the high level
of consciousness beings
that holds within them
the structures of
the fifth dimension.
The fifth dimension is the
one that replicates the light,
but with the patterns
of the sixth dimension.
And that is why we have the
12 phases of the universe,
but creating a
quorum of beings that
will try to maintain the
balance in between the 12
phases of a structure,
and that creates
the nine lords of reality.
These nine beings
are the council
that established the
times and the shapes
that every being has to
follow in the third dimension.
These beings are
the ones that tried
to structure all realities.
So that's why some of
us used to call them
the judges of reality.
We also call that reality,
the judges of karma.
Karma means all the structures
that we have to learn from.
So if you have not accomplished
every learning and teaching
process of every
one of those codes,
you cannot go farther the
fifth dimension and you can--
and you cannot create
your own realities.
So that's why you have to
accomplish every karma path.
And they are the
judges that shows you
if you had accomplished
that or not.
But it's not like judges
sitting on the chair.
They are the beings that
represent that vibration
and you can only go through
them if your vibration matches
with the same pattern
that they have.
If they don't much, you
can go through them.
So it's not like judge is
saying you did it wrong
or you did it well.
What they are just
doing is, go through me
if you are able to become me.
So these patterns
holds all this reality
until we are able to
transform realities.
This means are the
nine beings of darkness
on the nine beams of
light, and the 18 of them
creates the pattern of the
flower of life surrounding us,
these cells that covers all
the structures of history
in different levels of
consciousness, which would be
three of them in past,
three of them in present,
and three of them in
the future, multiplying
by the darkness ones
and the light ones.
What this means is that we
have nine levels of vibration
in which the universe
could be expressed,
the nine dimensions that
are living three of them
in the past, three of
them in the present, three
of them in the future, and
are the trinity, the feminine,
the masculine, and
the son or daughter
that are the three aspects of
this creation of realities.
So you have to go through
the nine aspects of time
in darkness and light in order
to accomplish this phase, which
are the 12 phases, and
then you accomplish
to arrive to the
sixth dimension.
These beings are
known in our realities
like the masters and
guides of every dimension.
In the fourth dimension of
time and the fifth dimension
of all other realities
and geometry, what we have
are all these masters,
enlightened masters that
accomplished to understand
every process in realities
and they became the
patterns of light itself.
So what they do is to
resonate to the matter,
to the system of the
matter, all the process
of creation to help us
understand which ways
we can take in order to be in
the same level of vibration
as them.
So we can go through
time and space
searching for these patterns
through the guidance
of these patterns.
So even the darkness
ones and the light ones,
they are living
patterns to us so we
could reach and understand how
we can build a good reality
and how we can transcend
the reality we live in.
These enlightened
masters are the beings
that have lived in
the third dimension,
the second dimension,
the fourth dimension,
and they reach the perfect shape
towards the creation, which
is the sixth dimension.
In the sixth dimension,
all the masters
that accomplish to transform
themselves in new realities
are those who are willing
to open every portal of time
and space and create new
universes from just one cell,
from just one atom.
So the priests and priestesses
of this reality and blood
and cells embody, they
had to go through all
of these layers of
the universe in order
to understand that they
were created through all
these layers here on Earth.
And if you can talk to
each one of them within,
you are able to contact the
idea of god and the goddess.
That's why the Arcturian
people taught to these priests
and priestesses how to
become gods on Earth
through vibration.
As I said, the first one
on doing this was Djehuty.
This priest was the
one in charge of wisdom
to realize the
power of the heart,
and that is why he
represented the moon.
The moon was the one protected
the wisdom in our realities.
So he was attached to
water through night.
During the night, you can see
all the eyes of the universe.
When you are in the
day, you can only
see one eye, which is the
sun, but when it become night
and the moon is there, you
can see thousands of eyes.
So you can understand all
the wisdom of reality.
That is why he had to understand
every eye of the universe
to become the universe.
This path that he
took was to try
to read the books,
the vibrational books
of its own body,
which are the 12
beings that shapes every human.
When he understood that, he
created the school of wisdom.
The school of wisdom
was a path of initiation
in which every human
had to go through
to rule the vibration of every
chakra and to be able to speak,
to talk with every dimension,
in every level of consciousness.
First of all, you have to
understand the sun, the moon,
and the underground, the world,
the physical and more dark
world.
We needed to understand
that the three of them
were the three schools that
helped us understand that we
had to follow the
light of the sun,
but to understand the main
information of the sun,
we had to understand
every eye in the night.
So that's why the
school of the moon
would teach us how to understand
all the wisdom before we
achieve the enlightenment.
And before we
could see the eyes,
we should understand the
polarity of those eyes,
the darkness to see
the light in the night.
And that's why the school
of darkness, the school
ruled by Anubis,
by Seth, by Sobek,
they were the gods
that taught us
how to handle the snake,
how to handle the giants,
how to handle the emotions
that were pushing us
to the underground.
And these first three
schools were very important
because we needed to understand
that darkness was not
against us.
Darkness was trying to shape us.
And If we understand the shapes
and if we understand the codes
we are living in,
we can handle them
and we can use
darkness as a tool
to get the light of the sun.
These teachings were
also the main statements
to understand the schools
of initiation in matter,
and that was the
teachings of the Idilien.
Idilien were the people related
to the elemental beings.
So the four schools of Idilien
were the earth, fire, water,
and air, and these
four pillars of reality
were the schools
where we, as Idilien,
had to understand how to
handle the earth, the matter,
the plants, the medicine, the
water, our blood, our DNA,
everything that was
inside of our cells
to encode information
in the water
to learn how to read the
water, how to understand
the fire, the heart, the
information of the spirit, how
to modify the realities
through the fire,
and then the air to understand
that everything was mind,
the ideas of the universe and
how everything is connected
through this network of mind.
These four other schools,
other temples were teaching us
how to open the portals through
our bones, through our organs,
through our heart, and through
our mind so we could understand
that our bodies were the
temples that we could rebuild,
we could handle, and we could
take information from them
so we could open the portals
through the dimensions.
Then we have to be proved
in the will of our bodies,
in love and wisdom.
The will was how we can handle
every emotion that we have
within to construct realities.
We needed to learn
how to handle bodies,
how to make it stronger.
We need to practice
in the reality
how to move our
bodies in every one
of those materials, the fire,
the air, the water, and earth.
And after that, we need
to learn about wisdom.
Wisdom would be the
one school to teach us
how to make every knowledge
that we could possibly
learn into just one, to learn
everything as much as possible,
and then how to forget
everything we have to learn,
so to become a wise person.
Wisdom was not
about how to answer.
It was about how to question.
Wisdom was the key of
creating realities,
and in order to
create, you should
forget that everything is real.
So you have to question
every reality in order
to achieve wisdom
in the universe.
That was one of
the main teachings
of the school of wisdom.
And then we had
the love teaching.
The love teaching
was how to handle
all the energy that
comes from the sexuality
to the unconditional love.
This was the school for women.
The women were
teaching how to handle
the energy of the Kundalini.
So the energy of love,
the teaching of love
would teach us how to go through
every space and every time
in this line that the spirit
used to get into the matter.
When you handle the energy
of sexuality in the planet,
you can handle the
path that the spirit
used to be born in the planet.
Once we had all
these learnings, we
needed to learn how to handle
time and how to handle space.
So geometry and mathematics
was the next learning,
and then we had to learn
about how to go through time
and to heal all our history,
not only to the past,
but also, to the future.
The only way you could do
that was to be in the present.
So the last two schools was to
learn how to live here and now.
Once you accomplished the
12 schools of enlightenment,
the 12 schools to match the
patterns of the reality,
you could start and begin
to listen the vibrations
from other dimensions.
So what you started to do was
to hear the voices of our guides
in other dimensions.
You would start to listen to
the voices and the vibration
of the high masters in
the fifth dimension.
You would start to feel how
the elohim are creating us
every day.
You will start to feel the
power of the archangels
in the seventh dimension
holding you in this reality.
So when you match that all
in every one of your chakras,
you become the
messenger of every being
that was forming you and
shaping you in every dimension.
And that made those
priests and priests
who would be able to
become gods and goddesses.
So what we used to separate
in different levels
of consciousness, like humans,
Aessir, the Confederation,
the guides, the angels, the high
masters, the ascended masters,
the archangels, they
are all the same being
in different vibrations
holding one reality.
So when you become
those realities
through the portals
of your own body,
you are able to speak for them.
And that's what we
call channeling.
Channeling was to download the
information from other levels,
like the wire, the
Wi-Fi of the universe,
and download those
patterns into the body
when you had the
proper information that
matches the structure
of vibration and pattern
of geometry from those
levels of consciousness.
So that's what
allowed the priest
and priestesses to
download this information.
By this matching, they
would bring that information
into the matter.
This is also what made people in
ancient times, and even today,
made this mistake that
we made the comparison
that the ancient
priests of Atlantis
had incarnated once and
again in different masters
through history.
And ascended masters like
Osiris, Isis, Djehuty, Seshat,
they were people alive that
channeled this information.
And also, today, we can relate
them with some special people,
like Muhammad, Buddha, Jesus.
They were people
that were allowed
to download that information
from other levels
of consciousness.
They were not the same person.
They were different persons
channeling and downloading
the same information
from different levels
of consciousness.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will dive deeper
into the teachings of Thoth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]